Added/Improved Intros for the Map Topics (#6887)
github/docs: content/github/getting-started-with-github/quickstart/index.md

---
title: Quickstart

> intro: 'Find and Get started working with the resources available on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: 'Get started using {% data variables.product.product_name %} to manage Git repositories and collaborate with others.'
```
